TCS Interview Qustions : 
-------------------------

1. Tell About your Project 
2. Different File Formats that we can store the Data 
3. Difference between Avro and Parquet File Format 
4. Can we load a test file through HiveContext 
5. What is Spark Streaming 
6. Wite a Program in Spark to pull Oracle Data into Data Frame r
7. How to convert Avro file format to Parquet file format 
8. Spark Program to get Difference in Turnoverate in Spark 
9. How you are getting Hash val in spark for your project 
10. Different format that Spark Data frame support 

Capgemini Interview Qustions : 
------------------------------

1. Application Psudo code 
2. can we write Data frame into Hive table without temp table 
3. scala code to remove anomolies 
	1,2,3,4,......,6,7 
4. Oracle Table into HIve DB Program 
5. Sqoop Job for Incremental Import 
6. Spark submit command 
7. through Hive context can we access table which isregistred as temp table 
8. Hive partitioning (Static and Dynamic Partitioning )
9. Hive Bucketing (How Backend Directory structure is available for Hive Bucketing )
	
'HCL Interview Questions'
--------------------------

1. Tell me about your Project 
2. Why you are using Hadoop and Spark in your Project 
3. How Spark Job improved your performance 
4. Architecture of Spark 
5. Architecture of Hadoop 
6. How Spark SQL Better than Hive 
7. Performance Issues you faced in Hive and spark 
8. What is your cluster size and why so 
9. Hive Map Join Example 
10. What File format you used and why Parquet file format and why not orc or avro 
11. Hive Partition and Bucketing 
12. What is the Hive partitioning strategy ? on what column you should do partitioning
13. why Hadoop and why not oracle 
14. How Hive Job improved when converted into spark 	
15. Use case of the project 
	
	
'Tetra soft '
----------------
1. Any Knowledge on No SQL Databases 
2. What is the difference between schema and column Family in HBase 
3. How can we export sub-set of the data through Sqoop 
4. How to get records in Hive which has the current date 
5. What are differenent functions in Scala 
		a. Higher Order Functions 
		b. Currying functions 
		c. 
6. Any Knowledge on Map Reduce 
7. How to Join 2 Dataframes without using Temp view 
8. Top 2 Salaries in each department using DF (without temp view )		
9. Group by key and reduce by key example using DF 
10. Difference between order by , sort by , cluster by 
11. How can you select records of particular Bucketing 
12. Difference between Bucket map join and Sorted Bucket Map Join 
13. Conditions in Bucket Map and Sorted Bucket Map Join 
14. With clause with Data Frames 
15. Use Struct Type in Scala and read a text file 
16. How to read CSV File in Spark 
17. Optimization in Hive
18. Recent work you are doing in your project (Hive to Spark converstion)
19. HOw to Select records of Particular Bucket in Hive 
20. DSL Operations 
21. What are the Performance Optimation in Spark 	
22. How to find out Nulls using Data frame (without temp view )
23. How to replace Null with some value in DF (with and without temp view )
24. How did you do Memory Management 
25. Data --> t1 --> Cache --> t2 --> t3 --> Cache --> show (Is First cache avaialble or not)
26. How many stages gets created for above chain 
27. What are the different Enhancement on current project 
28. What is the Data size you are handling 




'To Do'
--------

1. Practical Example 

		a. Load a Oracle Table into Data Frame 
		b. Load Oracle Table into Hive Table 
		c. Load Data from Hive into DF , Update the Data and export back to Hive 
		d. Load CSV Data into DF 
		e. Load XML Data into DF 		
		f. Load JSON Data into DF 
		g. Load Text file into DF 
		h. Generate Benchmark CUBE 			
		i. Word count in Spark 
		j. DSL Operations 


3. Hive 
		a. Example of Hive Partitioning 
		b. Example of Hive Bucketing 
		c. Example of Word count in Hive 				
		d. Example of Sort By , Order by , Distribute by , Cluster by 
		e. Example Join 
				1. Inner Join 
				2. Left Outer Join 
				3. Right Outer Join 
				4. Full outer join 
				5. Bucket Map Join or Map Join 
				6. Sort Merge Bucket Join 	
				7. Skew Join 
		f. Example of Hive Analytical Functions 
		g. Remove Duplicates in Hive 
		h. Load Data into Hive Table 
				1. XML
				2. CSV 
				3. JSON 
				4. Oracle DB 	
		i. Word count Proble in Hive 				
		
4. Scala 

		a. Regular Expression Example 
		b. Inheritance Example 
			
5. Project 
----------
		a. Check End to end workflow 
		b. How Data from 84 schemas stored in Hive 
		c. How T_FACT_INS table in cluster populated 
		d. How Hash val Generated 
		e. How Metric query is calculated in Spark 
		f. What is Z-score and how it is calculated 
		g. Spark Code for Dimention Table 
		h. Check how DXR Process is executed for Extraction and Export 
		g. Process of Generating the Benchmark Qube 

